---
layout: single-column
title: Characters
permalink: /characters/
---

# Moonfeather, Half-Elf Sorceress

![Moonfeather](/assets/images/characters/moonfeather.png)

Kalani Rilvenar was born into the Rilvenar family in the town of Valengel a once
important Elven community built in a crater near the Lake of Mists. Her mother
was Lady Kaylessa Rilvenar, the next in line to be the Guardian of the Mists.
The birth of Kalani was a surprise to the town, as Lady Kaylessa had no
betrothed and though questioned, she never spoke of Kalani’s father.
 
When Kalani was about twelve years of age, raiders came into the town and
attacked the town. Kalani was knocked unconscious and was found, covered in
rubble, in the remains of the keep, by a small group of Shoanti. Their leader, a
stone giant shaman, conferred with the snowy white owl perched on his finger,
asking if this was the charge they were seeking. The owl, Archimedes, hooted in
response.

Feeling as though she owed her life to Archimedes and the Shoanti, and realising
she was alone with no idea where the townspeople had gone, Kalani accepted their
offer to join their tribe, the Lyrune-Quah. She spent the next few years
training with the Shoanti. As she grew, so did her inherent powers, rapidly
becoming more unpredictable and often dangerous. Spending hours training with
the clan's shaman, Narlak Fine-Seer, Kalani learned how to harness and control
her powers via the use of magical tattoos which now adorn her body. Where this
magical blood comes from is unknown to Kalani, who never knew her father.
Narlak, however, often commented that her powers seemed otherworldly.
 
Archimedes never strayed far from Kalani, watching as she grew and learned. When
she came of age, Kalani attempted to undergo the Shoanti Rite of Passage. She
completed the Trials and was gifted with the Blessing of the Lyrune-Quah, in the
form of a moon tattoo under her eye, and her tribal name, Moonfeather.
Discovered a short time later, the Trials has marked Moonfeather with a new
tattoo in the form of an owl which bore a striking resemblance to Archimedes,
although no one, not even Moonfeather, could explain how this happened.

Moonfeather set off not long after completing the Trials to search for answers
about her past. She hoped to learn Archimedes’ motives, and why he had saved
her, as well as find out where her power comes from. She also hoped her journey
would help her discover the fate of any other survivors of Valengel.


![break](/assets/images/posts/break.png)

# Pring Tzhao, Half-Orc Monk

![Pring](/assets/images/characters/pring.png)

The Khurshid people have always been a nomadic tribe of outcasts. The Tzhao
family were shunned and banished from their village of Dumitru when the royal
family discovered the forbidden relationship between Prince Gulbrand and his Orc
slave caretaker Amara Tzhao. After wandering the wilderness for days without
food and drink Amara stumbled into a clearing where the Khurshid people were
camping. Her intrusion was met with aggression and hostility and before she
could open her mouth to speak she was immediately slain.

The leader of the Kurshid people, Marius, found the almost lifeless body of
Pring cradled in the arms of the slain Orc female. He decided to take him in as
an adopted son. Marius trains Pring in the monk arts to try and curb the violent
nature of his Orc heritage. Years pass and the time comes for Pring to leave the
Khurshid people to complete his training. He promptly leaves the Khurshid people
behind to commence his own journey with the goal of to discovering his past and
obtaining enlightenment.

After travelling for several days Pring decided to make camp. Hidden within his
pack he finds a sealed envelope detailing the events of his mother’s senseless
murder. Upon discovering this Pring immediately starts running back the way he
came from in a furious rage. This however was short lived as the rage was
extinguished when he noticed several arrows sticking out of his shoulder
courtesy of the elf ranger Zaradae, who had been following the brute. She
reasons with him, by getting him fairly intoxicated on ale, and he decides that
he needs to be stronger if he wants any chance for vengeance.

Determined to eventually avenge the loss of his mother and find his heritage,
Pring decided to follow Zaradae in the hope her elven abilities will help him
eventually extract his revenge.

![break](/assets/images/posts/break.png)

# Stannis d'Aguillon, Human Paladin

![Stannis](/assets/images/characters/stannis.png)

From a young age, Stannis d’Aguillion knew he had the entire world before him.
Born of a noble family, Stannis was the eldest son of three sons. He was the
hope of the family, with many expectations upon him. Early in his life, Stannis
was taught the arts of fighting, war and strategy, and was expected to one day
lead armies. He trained hard to fulfill the expectations everyone had of him,
and to make his parents proud.

Stannis always had a strong sense of justice and honor, and lived a life that he
believed anyone would be proud of. While he was not a religious man, he did
believe in living a pious life, dutiful and resolute he would perform to the
best of his abilities in everything he did.

Stannis slowly proved himself with each battle he fought, gaining both prestige
and the respect of his fellow warriors. His name became one that could boost the
morale of his companions, or strike fear into the heart of his enemies. During
one battle, however, Stannis acted on some second hand intelligence and lead his
forces into a trap set by his enemies. His forces were flanked and fought
desperately against the evil forces that marched upon them. Stannis fought hard
and bravely, and never backed down. He would not see his men slaughtered in
front of him while he still had even an ounce of strength. Sadly the enemy was
too numerous for Stannis’s forces to hold back. His men were being cut down
before his eyes. He fell to his knees, crushing despair had taken over the once
proud warrior. He was unable to do anything, powerless to save his men.

Amongst the enemy army stood a powerful demon, slaying any man who stood in its
way. The demon slowly marched towards a slumped Stannis. The muffled sounds of
his comrades blood curdling screams as they were cut down echoed in his head.
The demon progressed onwards towards the silent, unmoving, Stannis. A handful of
his men took up a protective stance around their leader and attempted to hold
back the demons advance before they, too, were cut down.

In a last ditch effort to halt the demons advance, Stannis’s childhood friend
readied his sword and stood over Stannis, staring down the demon. The demon
effortlessly cut him down, shocking Stannis out of his stupor. In rage and fury,
Stannis sprang forward with his sword over his head.

Time seemed to stop. The cacophony of the battlefield faded away, being replaced
with the sweet sounds of whispers. The whispers seemed to come from all
directions, indistinguishable. Stannis was able to make out three words before
the whispers ceased.

“You are worthy.”

A flash of brilliant yellow light shone from his sword, becoming warm to the
touch. A reassuring ease flooded through Stannis as he bore his sword down, over
his head, upon the demon. The demon screamed out in an unnatural pain, as if the
very metal of the blade was burning him from the inside, as it sliced down its
front.

Drawing back from the blade, the demon was left with a massive scar, running
from the top of his right eye down to the bottom of his torso. The demon,
staggering in pain, retreated behind its army. A new vigor had infused Stannis’s
regiment as the enemy's advance was halted. The front ranks flinched away from
the bright light emanating from Stannis’s blade, fearing that the very light
itself could cut them down.

The enemy fell apart quickly after that. Each strike from the glowing weapon met
little resistance as it would slay any demon in a single blow. As the last of
the demons fled, the light surrounding Stannis’s blade slowly dimmed, sputtered,
and then finally, vanished. The battle was won, but not without a significant
price. The losses to Stannis’s regiment were staggering.

Upon returning to the capital city of Vigil, Stannis sought out the services of
a High Cleric from one of the larger temples in an attempt to find answer about
the being, and that power, that assisted him. The cleric, unable to ascertain
the identity of the being, recommended Stannis to travel to Vindenvale and seek
his answers there. Luck was not on his side, however. After a fruitless day of
searching for someone to help him in Vildenvale, Stannis decided to retire for
the night and unwind in a local tavern. The innkeeper informed Stannis that
there were no rooms available, and so he attempted to find lodgings at the
nearest guards barracks in return for his services. On the short walk towards
the barracks, Stannis passed a rather nondescript alleyway. Driven by some
unseen force, he doubled back. A heavy mist descended upon the road behind him,
obscuring the mouth of the alley. Stannis lost track of time long before he came
across a small temple with a lone, elderly man standing out in front of it. As
he neared the gates, the old man bowed his head in greeting. Stannis responded
in kind and made his way into the temple. Unbeknownst to Stannis, this was a
temple to the archon, Vildeis.

Between his duties as a soldier and his training in the temple of Vildeis,
Stannis grew to understand a new strength within. After a few years, Stannis
completed his training and was appointed the title of Paladin. He decided to
leave the army and take the fight directly to the evil that continued to assault
Vigil. Stannis set forth upon a lonely path, tracking down demon worshipping
cultists and destroying them one at a time. Taking a different tact, Stannis
decided to attempt to infiltrate one sect. Following the cult to the seas,
Stannis convinced them of his sincerity, and attempted to pry as much
information he could before they reached their destination of Sandpoint. Upon
docking in Sandpoint, and frustrated with his inability to gain any useful
information, Stannis struck hard and fast. Ensuring they couldn’t spread their
evil doctrine to the unsuspecting townsfolk, Stannis cut down every last cultist
on the ship. Tired and exhausted, Stannis finally collapsed after finishing off
the last of the cultists. He was abruptly woken up by a splash of water to the
face and found himself tied to the ship looking up at a group of unknown
adventures.

![break](/assets/images/posts/break.png)

# Venalis Shadowsong, Elf Druid

![Venalis](/assets/images/characters/venalis.png)

Venalis was born into a family of well respected elves in the city of Easthallow
situated deep in the Shadowsong forest. His early years were spent learning
about the forest and how important balance was for their survival. His father
Etrian, taught Venalis how to master the bow and be self sufficient by hunting
and tracking. Nexxis, his mother taught Venalis about the druidic culture and at
an early age he had signs of great magical potential. Unfortunately, near
Venalis's 80th year, Etrian fell ill, and even with the best efforts of both
Nexxis and Venalis they were unable to heal Etrian. It took his father's life
for Venalis to dedicate his life towards the druidic arts, vowing that he would
never lose something dear to him again. Venalis would become a powerful druid
within the town of Easthallow, however unlike most druids he always carried a
bow, not wanting to part with his father's legacy.

The day that Venalis become of age he embarked on one of the elves coming of age
customs, The Natural Cycle. This custom was for the young elves to reach the
very heart of the Shadowsong forest to recieve the forests blessing. While
Venalis was one of the first of the young elves to reach the heart of the forest
he instantly knew that there was something wrong.

Returning to town Venalis reported his findings to the Elders. They revealed
that this was not the first time this darkness had claimed their forest. Venalis
learnt about the abandoned tower in the far northern reaches of the forest and
how darkness once spewed forth from it. It was told that some ancient evil had
made it's home there once before and was beaten back by the combined efforts of
elves and the mountain dwarves. The elders tasked Venalis with leaving
Easthollow to gain the allies that they would require to once again combat the
darkness. Venalis was given a letter to Drogur Ironshadow, an old ally who
fought with the elves last time,with strict instructions that only he was to see
it.

Venalis had only a short time to say goodbye to his mother Nexxis, promising her
that he'd be back as fast as possible. Venalis left Easthollow, heading towards
the capital of the dwarves.

![break](/assets/images/posts/break.png)

# Zaradae, Elf Ranger (retired)

![Zaradae](/assets/images/characters/zaradae.png)

Born and raised an elf of Mirkwood, a young Zaradae immediately knew that the
life of a self-centred forest dweller was not for her. Her views on what was
important and meaningful in life led her to flee the territory during the
celebration of her hundredth birthday.

Unsure where to go next Zaradae wandered the lands in search of elven folk who
shared her ideals. She managed to find the elven city of Rivendell after years
of travel. She spent fifty years living with her open-minded elven kin but
slowly grew tired of the unnecessary flamboyance of their lifestyle. She
departed Rivendell on good terms and began once again wandering the lands in
search of like minded folk. During her travels she encountered a good number of
land dwellers of different races and realized that the Rivendell open-mindedness
had rubbed off on her.

Throughout her travels she constantly heard people mention a nomadic tribe of
outcasts called the Khurshid people. These people lived off the land and worked
individually and as a tribe to accomplish their goals. Zaradae finds herself at
home with the tribes people and decides that she is willing to spend her time
and skills helping these people.

Late one night, there was a commotion where a seemingly aggressive Orc stumbled
into the camp. She was a disheveled mess. A group of my tribesmen circle the orc
woman, weapons drawn, when Marius ordered her execution to extinguish and
possible threat to his people. They discovered a young half-orc child in her
arms and Marius takes him in as his own. Unhappy with the prejudice against the
Orc woman, Zaradae move away from the tribe but decided to keep an eye on the
half-orc spawn. Keeping a distance, Zaradae watches the Orc grow and mature.

The day Pring began his pilgrimage Zaradae followed the half-orc through
the woods keeping a watchful eye. After days of travelling Pring discoveres a
letter in his pack and enters a furious rage. Before he could hurt himself or
someone else Zaradae disrupt his rage with several arrows to the arm. After an
ale, or seven, to calm him down Zaradae decided to look out for him, as she felt
obliged to do after the Khurshid people has slain his mother. Pring doesn't show
much interest in Zaradae, which suited her as she don't say much and doesn’t
want him to know that she was part of the tribe that killed his mother. The less
he knew about her the better.

![break](/assets/images/posts/break.png)

# Anakis, Tiefling Warlock

![Anakis](/assets/images/characters/anakis.png)

Coming Soon!

![break](/assets/images/posts/break.png)
